capsules/outer-space/README.md, before:

# outer-space

## Overview

Backend GraphQL API server.

## The Stack

> **Bold** items are final.

| Problem Area      | Solution                                                                                                               |
| ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Language          | **[TypeScript](https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript)**                                                              |
| Environment       | **[Node](https://github.com/nodejs/node)**                                                                             |
| Server Framework  | **[Express](https://github.com/expressjs/express)**                                                                    |
| Query Language    | **GraphQL**                                                                                                            |
| API Server        | **[apollo-server-express](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-server/tree/master/packages/apollo-server-express)** |
| Data Access Layer | **[Prisma](https://github.com/prisma/prisma)**                                                                         |
| Database          | **MongoDB**                                                                                                            |

## Development Build Process

- **Prisma Server** - Deploying the DAL (Data Access Layer)

  1. Create the Environment
     - A `.env` file is required in the project root ([outer-space/](./)).
     - The environment file must define the variables required by [docker-compose.yml](./docker-compose.yml), [prisma.yml](./prisma/prisma.yml), and any other relevant file.
  2. Dockerize Prisma - `docker-compose up -d`
     - Start the Prisma server container in the background.
     - Bootstrap the service via [docker-compose.yml](./docker-compose.yml).
  3. Authenticate with Prisma
     - The environment variable `PRISMA_MANAGEMENT_API_SECRET` must be set to the correct value to deploy Prisma.
  4. Deploy Prisma - `prisma deploy`
     - Deploy the [prisma.yml](./prisma/prisma.yml) service config to the Prisma service container created in step 1.
     - Generate a TypeScript Prisma client from [datamodel.prisma](./prisma/datamodel.prisma).
       - Prisma client can be accessed on a resolver's context.
     - Generate TypeScript CRUD building blocks for [datamodel.prisma](./prisma/datamodel.prisma) using `nexus-prisma-generate`.
       - These building blocks are used in conjunction with `nexus-prisma` to define the GraphQL API in [graphql-schema/](./src/graphql-schema).

- **API Server** - Running Locally
  1. Start the Server - `npm run start`
     - Use [webpack.common.ts](./webpack.common.ts) and [webpack.dev.ts](./webpack.dev.ts) to bundle and deploy code.
     - All TypeScript in [src/](./src/) is linted, compiled, and bundled into a `build` directory.
     - `nodemon` runs the bundled application.
     - `webpack` watches for changes in [src/](./src/).
     - `nexus-prisma` generates the final GraphQL schema which will be available through the API server.

Commit message:

Add database details to README

capsules/outer-space/README.md, after:

# outer-space

## Overview

Backend GraphQL API server.

## The Stack

> **Bold** items are final.

| Problem Area      | Solution                                                                                                               |
| ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Language          | **[TypeScript](https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript)**                                                              |
| Environment       | **[Node](https://github.com/nodejs/node)**                                                                             |
| Server Framework  | **[Express](https://github.com/expressjs/express)**                                                                    |
| Query Language    | **GraphQL**                                                                                                            |
| API Server        | **[apollo-server-express](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-server/tree/master/packages/apollo-server-express)** |
| Data Access Layer | **[Prisma](https://github.com/prisma/prisma)**                                                                         |
| Database          | **MongoDB**                                                                                                            |

## Database Details

- The dev database is hosted by MongoDB Atlas.
- **Note:** Whitelist your development IP address from within Atlas before attempting the **Development Build Process** outlined below.

## Development Build Process

- **Prisma Server** - Deploying the DAL (Data Access Layer)

  1. Create the Environment
     - A `.env` file is required in the project root ([outer-space/](./)).
     - The environment file must define the variables required by [docker-compose.yml](./docker-compose.yml), [prisma.yml](./prisma/prisma.yml), and any other relevant file.
  2. Dockerize Prisma - `docker-compose up -d`
     - Start the Prisma server container in the background.
     - Bootstrap the service via [docker-compose.yml](./docker-compose.yml).
  3. Authenticate with Prisma
     - The environment variable `PRISMA_MANAGEMENT_API_SECRET` must be set to the correct value to deploy Prisma.
  4. Deploy Prisma - `prisma deploy`
     - Deploy the [prisma.yml](./prisma/prisma.yml) service config to the Prisma service container created in step 1.
     - Generate a TypeScript Prisma client from [datamodel.prisma](./prisma/datamodel.prisma).
       - Prisma client can be accessed on a resolver's context.
     - Generate TypeScript CRUD building blocks for [datamodel.prisma](./prisma/datamodel.prisma) using `nexus-prisma-generate`.
       - These building blocks are used in conjunction with `nexus-prisma` to define the GraphQL API in [graphql-schema/](./src/graphql-schema).

- **API Server** - Running Locally
  1. Start the Server - `npm run start`
     - Use [webpack.common.ts](./webpack.common.ts) and [webpack.dev.ts](./webpack.dev.ts) to bundle and deploy code.
     - All TypeScript in [src/](./src/) is linted, compiled, and bundled into a `build` directory.
     - `nodemon` runs the bundled application.
     - `webpack` watches for changes in [src/](./src/).
     - `nexus-prisma` generates the final GraphQL schema which will be available through the API server.
